Seek related software landscape projects from search queries and expand project metric gathering (#2)
WayScience/software-landscape-analysis: README.md

## Development

### Jupyter Lab

Please follow installation steps above and then use a relevant Jupyter environment to open and explore the notebooks under the `notebooks` directory.

```bash
# after creating poetry environment, run jupyter
poetry run jupyter lab
```

### Poe the Poet

> [Poe the Poet](https://poethepoet.natn.io/index.html) is used to define and run tasks defined within `pyproject.toml` under tables `[tool.poe.tasks*]`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use [Poe the Poet](https://poethepoet.natn.io/index.html) to define and run tasks defined within `pyproject.toml` under the section `[tool.poe.tasks*]`.
```

Active voice. I also suggested a change to add clarity (which may not work)

Author: Thanks! I'll commit this in.

> This allows for the definition and use of task workflow when implementing multiple procedures in sequence.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This allows for the definition and use of a task workflow when implementing multiple procedures in sequence.
```

Author: Thanks! Will commit this in.

> Use the following to run, for example, the `cytomining_ecosystem` task:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

For example, use the following to run the `cytomining_ecosystem` task:
```

Author: Thanks, this looks a lot better.
